#Evoke technologies

what are max pooling layers in cnn?** 

    ans:
    when added to the cnn reduces the dimensionaliy of images by reducing the no of pixels in the output from the previous convolutional layer


what are different tyes of pooling layers in cnn
    There are two types of widely used pooling in CNN layer:

    Max Pooling
    Average Pooling
    
why activayion functiosn are used?***
what are diffenr tyes of activation function?
working of the image captioner project
what is the backward propagation inn lstm
how are weigtes are adjusted in the nodes
hw is memory saving done in the llm and context saving is done in the llms?
working of the vector database
what is normalisation?
what is the number of layers you used in your cnn project?

wt are strides in the cnn:





another interview:
1.fine tuneing of llms
what you did
explain project on rag
which vector embeddings hav eyou used for the rag
how do yu the peprocessing steps for th image data,text dta
how did you make sure the gpt is gettng the correct resultwhat are the parameters passed like temps,penslaity,etc functions in the gpt call and also what are various oters
practical implementation of rag

one shot an dzero shot inferences?


What is an activation function and why use them? 
The activation function decides whether a neuron should be activated or not by calculating the weighted sum and further adding bias to it. The purpose of the activation function is to introduce non-linearity into the output of a neuron. 

Explanation: We know, the neural network has neurons that work in correspondence with weight, bias, and their respective activation function. In a neural network, we would update the weights and biases of the neurons on the basis of the error at the output. This process is known as back-propagation. Activation functions make the back-propagation possible since the gradients are supplied along with the error to update the weights and biases. 
how th backpropagaton wors in details,how th eweigts are calclated at each neuron in nn
how the fectching is happening the rag systems
how th embeddings are one  in he rag word embeddings

whic is bettr cosine or euclidean and why




Vlaue labs:
#time series forecasting model(arima etc) and write aprogram for multi class classifiaction model using the deep learning  model take any images or data

what are the parameters in the image data.(resolution,pixel,contrast,brightness etc)



